When are you going?
I've only been here for a few days.
Don't you miss me? I haven't said you yet.
You ran away without saying a word
What do you want?
What do I want?
I miss you, don't make a fuss
Your sister is still there
Let him find out
It's not good for us
Are you still afraid of my sister?
I can't see it.
What do you mean?
What do I mean?
Mr. Chu is merciful
Even the nanny at home
What do you mean, Mom?
You misunderstood.
He's just a babysitter.
Why would I fall in love with him?
Can I trust you?
brother-in-law
Wait until I'm done with this time.
I'll find you
Hurry up and go home for me
Then you say you love me
I said can you be obedient?
Say you love me and I'll believe it
You say you love me and I'll go